---
layout: post
title:  New Year - New Goals
date:   2021-01-08 16:40:16
description: My personal goals for the new year.
comments: true
---
New Year goals have always been something that I’ve found to be an annual exercise in futility. A charade where people list a set of vague unrealistic goals that are quickly thrown to the wayside, the moment that obligations conflict with them. 

Just saying, but gym memberships spike in January with gym attendance free falling a month after the New Year begins.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

However, this year I was inspired by a former co-worker to give it a try. He had written a blog post recapping his previous year’s goal, and to my surprise, he had managed to reach and surpass most of the goals for 2020. This was, legitimately, the first time I've seen any posted New Years goal actually being followed through, let alone a majority being completed.

It might be a bit late as we’re already a week into the New Year. However, as a challenge to better myself, I’m following his lead and am posting my goals for this coming year. I will consider the challenge to be a success if I meet at least half of the goals that I have set out to accomplish, and will be tracking my progress through monthly reviews.

<hr>

# Studies
* Strengthen my understanding of Physics/Math.
* Relearn Machine Learning and obtain a TensorFlow Developer Certificate.
*	Replicate/Implement a ML research paper.
*	Go through the entirety of Physically Based Rendering.
*	Build a physics engine on top of my ray tracing engine.
*	Hit 1500 MMR for chess.
*	Get used to consistently writing blog posts; writing at least one post a month.
*	Read a new book every month.
*	Do at least 10 new LeetCode problems a month.
*	Learn the basics of Penetration Testing.
*	Improve my website – This is something I’ve been avoiding for a while. I’ve had a strong distaste for web development, but it is something that I really need to learn to over come.

# Fitness
*	Join the 1000-pound club for power lifting - 1000 total lift for deadlift, bench and squat.
*	Go to a power lifting meet.
*	Incorporate more calisthenics into my routine.
*	Cycle for at least 1000 miles.

# Misc.
*	Get used to digital drawing - at least 100 hours.
*	Study how to draw landscapes.
*	Study color theory.
*	Participate in at least two coding competitions.
*	Start drafting a comic.
*	Start prototyping a game.
 
TLDR : Continue to learn and exercise; while finally getting around to pursuing activities that I’ve been wanting to get around to.

<hr>
#### Post Thoughts
If anyone actually reads this, uhh thanks for reading? A large reason for posting this online is to try and force accountability upon myself, by thrusting myself into the public light. 

To be frank the whole process of posting my thoughts online for anyone to see is quite a surreal experience. It’s not a sense of discomfort or even fear? It’s just weird? But I guess that feeling will go away as I become more comfortable with the whole process of blogging. Well I hope it does at least haha.

Feel free to shoot me a message on anything that I could improve on, or any thoughts you may have.

Hope you have a great New Year, and thanks again for reading!